Add difficulty bomb info to frontier-thawing (#6644)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/history/index.md

#### Summary {#frontier-thawing-summary}

> The frontier thawing fork lifted the 5,000 [gas](/glossary/#gas) limit per [block](/glossary/#block) and set the default gas price to 51 [gwei](/glossary/#gwei). This allowed for transactions – transactions require 21,000 gas. The [difficulty bomb](/glossary/#difficulty-bomb) was introduced to ensured a future hard-fork to [PoS](/glossary/#pos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frontier thawing fork lifted the 5,000 [gas](/glossary/#gas) limit per [block](/glossary/#block) and set the default gas price to 51 [gwei](/glossary/#gwei). This allowed for transactions – transactions require 21,000 gas. The [difficulty bomb](/glossary/#difficulty-bomb) was introduced to ensure a future hard-fork to [proof-of-stake](/glossary/#pos).
```
